Oh wrong head
what are you doing here well I had an
interesting call this afternoon from dr.
Frankel from UCLA oh yeah he wanted you
to know the legal limit for hexavalent
chromium is is 0.005 parts per million
and at the rate you mentioned at 0.58 it
could be responsible for the tempers and
that family you asked about the the
Jenson well wasn't that nice of them
isn't it funny how some people go out of
their way to help people and others just
fire oh look I'm sorry you were gone I
just assumed you were off having fun oh
and why the hell would you assume that I
don't know maybe you look you look like
someone who has a lot of fun
oh so by that standard I should assume
that you never get laid I'm married
look what it what is all this this is
the story of mrs. cancer so
you want to know you have to hire me
back I got a ton of bills to pay mine
but so Donna just put in these new
cabinets real nice stain the wooden off
when she gets a call from somebody at
PG&E saying there's a freeway gonna be
built and they want to buy her house to
put in an off-ramp to the plant
meanwhile the husband's sick with
Hodgkins she's in and out of the
hospital with tumors believing one thing
has nothing to do with the other as PG&E
told her about the chromium what it does
they had a seminar they invited about
200 residents from the area had it at
the plant in this warehouse telling them
all about chromium 3 and how good it is
for you when all the time they're using
chromium 6 then that document oh you
found at the water board the one that
says about the bad chromium you didn't
happen make a copy sure of course I did
whatever could I have a look at it I
want to race and benefits including
dental Erin this isn't the way I do
business
what way is that extortion okay five
percent raise we'll talk about benefits
later ten there are lots of other places
I could get work ten percent raise and
benefits that said I'm drawing the line
Oh
here's the only thing you got well so
far but that place is a pigsty I
wouldn't be surprised if there's more
yeah I know how those things are running
out a mess what makes you think you can
just walk in there and find what we need
they're called boobs it